Adding note to remove default assignments. (#1655)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

- Fixed the assignment for [Configure periodic checking for missing system updates on azure virtual machines](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyadvertizer/59efceea-0c96-497e-a4a1-4eb2290dac15.html) to use the correct RBAC role.
- Added new initiative for Microsoft Defender for Endpoints [Configure multiple Microsoft Defender for Endpoint integration settings with Microsoft Defender for Cloud](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyinitiativesadvertizer/77b391e3-2d5d-40c3-83bf-65c846b3c6a3.html).

> Special Note: some "assigned by default" initiative assignments have changed, will need to be deleted, and have the new version assigned instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special Note: Existing consumers of ALZ will notice that some "assigned by default" initiative assignments have been replaced/renamed to avoid breaking changes to existing assignments. Therefore the below original assignments will need to be deleted, and have the new version assigned instead:
```

> | Initiative | Display Name | Original Assignment Name | New Assignment Name |
> | --- | --- | --- | --- |
> | Deploy-MDFC-Deploy | Deploy Microsoft Defender for Cloud configuration | Deploy-MDFC-Deploy | Deploy-MDFC-Config-H224 |
> | Deploy-EncryptTransit | Deny or Deploy and append TLS requirements and SSL enforcement on resources without Encryption in transit | Enforce-TLS-SSL | Enforce-TLS-SSL-H224 |
> | Deploy-Diagnostics-LogAnalytics | Deploy Diagnostic Settings to Azure Services | Deploy-Resource-Diag | Deploy-Diag-Logs |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initiative | Display Name | Original Assignment Name | New Assignment Name | Scope of Assignment |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Deploy-MDFC-Deploy | Deploy Microsoft Defender for Cloud configuration | Deploy-MDFC-Deploy | Deploy-MDFC-Config-H224 | Intermediate Root Management Group |
| Deploy-EncryptTransit | Deny or Deploy and append TLS requirements and SSL enforcement on resources without Encryption in transit | Enforce-TLS-SSL | Enforce-TLS-SSL-H224 | Landing Zones Management Group |
| Deploy-Diagnostics-LogAnalytics | Deploy Diagnostic Settings to Azure Services | Deploy-Resource-Diag | Deploy-Diag-Logs | Intermediate Root Management Group |
```
